Fixes #30943 - adds additional remote db notes (#1696)
theforeman/theforeman.org: plugins/katello/nightly/user_guide/remote_databases/index.md

    * restore the DBs on remote servers
    * run foreman-installer with right parameters pointing to the databases. It re-configures the databases and start all the services with new DB locations

> ### Important note: Katello 3.15 changes the default database for pulp from postgres v9.x to postgres v12. External databases should be upgraded to avoid conflicts.

Author: @ianballou I would like to establish necessary messaging here, and propagate those backwards into each of the extant version. That way, any edits or changes we'd only have to change here, and then when final, add those messages to the other versions.

    * restore the DBs on remote servers
    * run foreman-installer with right parameters pointing to the databases. It re-configures the databases and start all the services with new DB locations

> ### Important note: Katello 3.15 changes the default database for Pulp from PostgreSQL v9.x to PostgreSQL v12. External databases should be upgraded to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: The entire text block being a larger font looks a little strange.  Maybe instead there could be an "Important notes" header with the text as normal below?

Author: @ianballou how about:
![Screenshot from 2020-10-19 08-57-26](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/266755/96453994-3dfd6180-11e9-11eb-93bc-ab8da590230b.png)

    * restore the DBs on remote servers
    * run foreman-installer with right parameters pointing to the databases. It re-configures the databases and start all the services with new DB locations

### Important notes:

> * Pulpcore installs a separate PostgreSQL database. Databases should be upgraded to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer 2: As a user I'm not sure what `Databases should be upgraded to avoid conflicts.` means if it follows `Pulpcore installs a separate PostgreSQL database`. Upgraded to what?

* Katello 3.16 added dependencies provided by the `rh-postgresql12-postgresql-evr` package. This should be installed on any external PostgreSQL v12 database before applying any db migrations.

> Note that [Foreman v2.0 requires PostgreSQL v10+](https://theforeman.org/manuals/2.0/index.html#Headlinefeatures) and users are encouraged to upgrade to PostgreSQL v12.

Reviewer 2: I think it's safe to say
```suggestion
Note that PostgreSQL v10+ is required and users are encouraged to upgrade to PostgreSQL v12.
```

AFAIK Pulpcore also needs version 9.6 or 10.

Author: Good point re pulpcore.

> Note that [Foreman v2.0 requires PostgreSQL v10+](https://theforeman.org/manuals/2.0/index.html#Headlinefeatures) and users are encouraged to upagrade to PostgreSQL v12.

Reviewer: Typo: "upagrade"

Will the postgresql12-postgresql-evr note also be added to the 3.18, 3.17, and 3.16 docs pages?

Author: @ianballou thank you for spotting that typo. I believe we had evr notes for previous version, but decided to remove them.

--katello-pulp-db-write-concern  Write concern of 'majority' or 'all'. When 'all' is specified, 'w' is set to number of
```

> Remote database related:

Reviewer: "Pulpcore database related"?
